So, when you compare to
things when you're comparing apples and oranges
...are some similarities...both fruits when?
You're comparing shopping to scheme.
When you're comparing a city to a country?
Or the countryside.
There's certain language we like to use
...saying how are these things similar or the same.
In this video I'm going to teach you a bunch of expressions you can use when
comparing two things to show their similarities ok so this
video is called talking about similarities.
So, for this video I decided I wanted to do and
theme I wanted to look at how
canada and england.
Are similar in what ways are they very much
...so each of my sentences are going to have to do with canada and england?